update discussion questions and resources (#59)
chaincodelabs/seminars: mining-network-prop/README.md

[Why Bitcoin Mining Pools Aren't Incentivized to Broadcast Blocks Quickly](https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/why-bitcoin-mining-pools-aren-t-incentivized-to-broadcast-blocks-quickly-1475249510/) | 10 min | spy mining |
[Majority is not Enough: Bitcoin Mining is Vulnerable](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/~ie53/publications/btcProcFC.pdf) | 30 min | selfish mining |
[Demystifying The Selfish Mining Bet](https://eklitzke.org/demystifying-the-selfish-mining-bet) | 10 min | selfish mining |
[Mining pools](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mining_pool) | 15 min | mining pools |
[Overview of the covert AsicBoost allegation](https://blog.bitmex.com/an-overview-of-the-covert-asicboost-allegation-2/) | 15 min | asic boost |

## Discussion Questions

### Mining and Consensus

> 1. Why would some miners use parts of the version field as a nonce? What effect did this have on nodes?

Reviewer: Maybe that would fit better into the section on ASICBoost at the bottom?

Author: I'd like to keep this as is. As far as I understand, miners have used the version field as extra nonce space independent of ASICBoost.

1. In your opinion, is it a good or bad thing that specialized hardware is now needed to mine bitcoin rather than letting individual users participate in that part of the ecosystem?
1. 1. Consider the following scenario: Segwit2x didn’t happen (or miners didn’t throw in support for it) and UASF (BIP148) ended up causing a chain split on August 1st, 2017, with minority mining support (e.g. ~10-20%). What would likely happen as a result?

### Advances in Block Propagation

1. How can changes to Bitcoins p2p protocol affect mining?
1. How is a high block-orphaning rate the best indicator that block propagation times are too high?
1. Alternatively, while a low block-orphaning rate can be an indicator that block propagation times are good, it could also be an indicator of something more problematic. What could be a bad reason for there to be very few orphans?
1. Greg Maxwell mentioned that miners are hesitant to connect with one another directly, even though it would speed up block propagation. Why?

### Compact Blocks

1. How could we speed up block propagation in the network like FIBRE does, but without the drawback of having to trust others?

> 1. Compact block relay is a good way to reduce the amount of bandwidth to propagate new blocks to full nodes, but is it the fastest method for a synced node given peers can request missing transactions?

Reviewer: The "can request" is a bit confusing to me here. I assume it alludes to the recipient of a compact block potentially not having the full block. Then maybe:
 
```suggestion
1. Compact block relay is a good way to reduce the amount of bandwidth to propagate new blocks to full nodes, but is it the fastest method for a synced node given peers may need to request missing transactions?
```
would be better?
